The following medical examinations will be conducted in fiscal year 2023.

All employees are obliged to take the medical examination, so please make your own arrangements and be sure to take the examination.



▼Employees who are eligible for the medical checkup

 　Those who are employed and covered by social insurance as of the date of the medical checkup.

 　Part-time workers are also eligible if they are enrolled in social insurance.


▼Menu of medical checkup

　If there is a menu for each company, it is described in the guide for each all.

　Details of each course https://www.its-kenpo.or.jp/kanri/keiyaku/ncourse_4.html

　※Age is the age as of March 31, 2024.

	●Age 34 and up Basic medical checkup

	●35 years old～ Health insurance designated checkup

　　　+ Female 30 years old～ Women's medical checkup (cervical cancer, ultrasound, mammogram)



▼Period of consultation

 　From August 2023

　【List of Appointment Dates】

　https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1N6oIpd7wPHcB73yfn7ndcJDjbIQFEniXepKMQtiQO0Y/edit#gid=588601465

　Please check the schedule and set it to your own schedule, then select "Confirmed" in the confirmation box.

　※For those who are based outside of Tokyo, we will contact you individually.

　※For mid-year hires, regular checkups are available until the end of September,

　　Currently, information is available up to those who joined the company on July 1.

　　Those who join after that will be notified separately as soon as they are confirmed.


▼Location of medical checkups

　Tokyo-based employees of MLHD, MLM, and MLO

　　Ebisu Sakura Juji Clinic

　　VORT Ebisu maxim B1F, 3-9-19 Higashi, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 150-0011, Japan

　　https://www.sj-ebisu-clinic.jp/

　　03-6854-1515


▼About schedule changes and additional options

　Inquiries regarding schedule changes and additional options should be made directly to the clinic.

　※Exchange of dates between individuals is not allowed as it may cause problems for the hospital.

　※If you wish to change your schedule, please be sure to complete your visit by March 31, 2024.

　※If you add an option, you will be responsible for the cost of the option, which you will be asked to pay at the counter on the day of your visit.



▼Others

 　●About the test kit

 　　The test kit will be sent to you approximately 2 to 3 weeks prior to the test. Please check the contents as soon as you receive the materials.

　　 Depending on the contents of the test, there are preparations (dietary restrictions, etc.)

　　that must be made up to the day before the test, so please be sure to read them beforehand.

    　 If you do not receive the materials within 2 weeks, please contact the person in charge of labor affairs.

　●If you only receive the medical checkup and do not come to work, please apply for reimbursement of transportation expenses.

　　If you are going to receive the medical checkup in addition to coming to work, please apply for reimbursement of your regular commuting expenses.

　●The time of the medical checkup is considered working time. Please do not forget to stamp the time.


If you have any questions about the medical checkups, please contact the person in charge, INAKA (MLJP) or SEKIHARA (MLHD, MLM, MLO).
